Bits Code automations (#37146)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/bits_ai/bits_ai_dev_agent/_index.md

{{< img src="bits_ai/dev_agent/sessions_overview.png" alt="A tab titled 'Sessions' shows a text field with suggestions underneath" style="width:100%;" >}}

> Each time Bits Code investigates an issue or generates a fix, it creates a [session](#sessions), which captures the agent's analysis, actions, and any resulting code changes across supported Datadog products. Set up [automations][25] to have Bits Code run sessions on a schedule or in response to signals from other Datadog products, like a new APM Recommendation or flaky test.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Each time Bits Code investigates an issue or generates a fix, it creates a [session](#sessions), which captures the agent's analysis, actions, and any resulting code changes across supported Datadog products. Set up [automations][25] to have Bits Code run sessions on a schedule or in response to signals from other Datadog products, such as a new APM Recommendation or flaky test.
```

After [completing setup][6], do one of the following to start a code session:

> - Enter a freeform prompt at [**Code Sessions**][7]: enter a custom prompt or generate one by clicking a **Suggestions** or **Proactive Fixes** card

Author: @leachface it looks like Proactive Fixes are (currently) living on alongside automations (I see its section in Settings). just flagging that I'm not removing mentions of it nor auto-push

Datadog Code Security uses Bits AI to enhance static analysis and generate remediation suggestions, which can be reviewed and applied through Bits Code. Learn more about [AI-Enhanced Static Code Analysis][15].

### Automations

[Automations][25] run Bits Code sessions automatically, on a schedule or in response to signals from Datadog products like Error Tracking, APM, or Code Security. After a session completes, Bits Code delivers the results as a pull request, a draft PR, or a Slack notification.

> You can build automations from triggers (a product finding, a custom prompt, a schedule, or a combination) and configure one or more outputs. Datadog-provided templates are also available to help you get started. Create and manage automations at **Bits AI** > **Code** > [**Automations**][26].

Reviewer: The UI may have changed recently, I'm seeing "Bits Code" in the menu:
```suggestion
You can build automations from triggers (a product finding, a custom prompt, a schedule, or a combination) and configure one or more outputs. Datadog-provided templates are also available to help you get started. Create and manage automations at **Bits AI** > **Bits Code** > [**Automations**][26].
```

Author: the PM just messaged me about this; good catch!
